Hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is a very high-tech coffee cup it's
called the Ember ceramic cup and the
reason why I have this thing is this
wasn't sponsored they didn't send this
to me actually purchase this thing so I
go into Starbucks just before Christmas
and I'm just buying a regular coffee
drink there and I see this thing being
marketed pretty heavily you can see it
on like the front windows they have it
at their cache there's like lights and
stuff and it's got like an hour GB light
to attract your eye and I look at the
price tag and it's 80 bucks and I
remember thinking there is no way that a
coffee cup is worth 80 bucks there's no
way but then I look at the box and like
okay heats up your drink and it
maintains the temperature so I'm like
I'll bite so basically I got conned into
buying this thing because of Starbucks
marketing but I will say that after a
couple weeks of using this thing I
really enjoy this hence the creation of
this video okay so what this thing is is
like the simplified version is that this
thing takes hot beverages and it
maintains or increases the temperature
to your desired temperature so it's
pretty simple you fill it up with hot
liquid and then you set the paired app
on your phone to a particular
temperature and it'll maintain that
temperature so if you're someone who
drinks a lot of tea or coffee or hot
chocolate or whatever it is that you
drink if you like hot beverages this
thing might be of interest to you okay
so just to demonstrate how this thing
works I'm going to pour some hot water
into this thing and make a tea and just
we'll see how this goes okay so I have
hot water in a this was previously
boiled it's a little bit cool at this
point but what's interesting about this
app is that when you pour it in
it says empty right now you can kind of
see it as you pour it in
it'll register its current temperature
so right now it's reading at 149 which
is already really hot you know what it's
so hot that I can't even so the water
that was in here is like recently boiled
and it's it's above the temperature that
this cup can raise it to so this is yeah
this is uncomfortably hot you wouldn't
want to drink coffee of this temperature
you can raise it up to 145 Fahrenheit
which in Celsius is 62 point five
degrees but to demonstrate this thing
properly I feel like I have to lower the
temperature of the liquid inside it so
that we can actually see it raising it
back up so I'm gonna go outside grab
some snow up
right back okay this is some fresh
Canadian snow
I'm just gonna drop it in and should
reduce the temperature by quite a bit I
don't know how much it'll drop it by but
hopefully in about not buy too much so
you can see the temperature on this
thing
we'll see how low it goes and I swirl it
around a little bit it's completely
melted now 58.5 that's quite the
reduction in temperature you basically
set it at a temperature 59 degrees and
it'll just maintain it for however long
so there's a battery life to this thing
so let me just show how this thing works
it's a ceramic mug and there's a battery
at the bottom with heater coils and
there's a charger for this cup and I
normally this charger has an AC adapter
plugged into it I don't have it plugged
in right now but it basically charges
the cup through some contacts and then
the cup has a battery that in turn heats
up the liquid so the device is pretty
simple in terms of how it works and what
it does but I'm just going to go through
some things that I enjoy better and also
talk about some things that I don't like
with this product but one of those I
really like about this thing is that it
is a ceramic coated mug it's not like a
ceramic mug there's some kind of
insulation material going on that it
actually is a very cool cup on the
outside but the liquid is super hot
which I really like the other thing I
really like about this thing is the app
it's a really simple app it's available
for iOS or for Android we call the Ember
app set the temperature and you're good
to go
so overall the good things about this
product are pretty simple but for people
that enjoy hot beverages and you want to
kind of maintain a particular
temperature for an extended period of
time with your beverage it's pretty cool
it's really nice to like leave your
coffee or your tea on a table come back
an hour later and it's the exact same
temperature it's actually a pretty weird
sensation because your mind expects the
temperature of your drink to be lower
after a long period of time like that
but it isn't and it's a nice experience
now there's a couple things I don't like
about this thing I got to pour this
thing out to kind of demonstrate what it
is a beer back
[Music]
okay a few things that I don't like
about this thing first of all they say
that it's not dishwasher friendly now
I've actually run this thing through the
dishwasher about ten times so far no
issues yet but I feel like it's gonna
have issues eventually because of how
the sink charges so this thing uses
these raw metal contacts on the bottom
to charge the device so basically the
charging pad has these two pogo pins and
when you place the mug on to the
charging pad it sends current through
the pogo pins and then through the metal
rings and it charges up the mug but my
question is why would they have raw
metal contacts on a container designed
to hold liquids and here's the thing
when you drink like there's gonna be
liquids I kind of run down the side and
to potentially get on to this area so I
don't know I feel like we could have
done an induction thing like a ton of
products out there use maybe it would've
been fast enough to charge I'm not sure
but this bugs me a lot I think these
charging rings are why it's a hand wash
only product but ain't nobody got time
for that I don't go no hand wash a
coffee mug just because it can charge
another thing I don't like about this
thing is the battery life so they claim
on the box and on the website being at
approximately two hours of use with this
thing I think that's BS I'm comfortably
getting an hour maybe a little bit more
but unless you're I don't know how
people are getting two hours like you've
got to be using some kind of lids to
retain the heat or something but you're
not gonna get two hours don't expect
that and the third thing I don't like
about this thing is the volume so they
say this thing holds 10 ounces and it
does if you fill it up right to the brim
but you're not holding 10 ounces
comfortably it's holding like 8 maybe
even 1/2 ounces it's a little deceptive
the base is quite thick because it's got
your charging hardware your heating
hardware Bluetooth connectivity stuff
like there's a lot of equipment at the
bottom of this mug so visually this
thing holds less liquid then it would
seem but overall it's a great mug I
think for the right person this is a
great gift or if you're into drinking
tea coffee frequently this might be a
good pickup for you now what I mention
one last thing is the price tag so this
thing should go for $80 amber sells it
for 80 bucks their website has it for 80
bucks but a lot of sites are selling
this thing for inflated prices for like
100 150 bucks like Amazon selling this
thing originally for 80 bucks right now
is 150 so don't purchase it from places
that are selling it for ripoff prices
80 bucks is where you want to be
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs have you liked it subs if you
loved it and if you'll notice the sets a
little bit different right things look
familiar but not the same stay tuned
it's a bit of assets you guys next time
[Music]